description.txt
Last modified: Mon Oct 12, 2020  09:32PM
Description for Amazon KDP (4000 chars max)
------------------------------------------------

There had always been the stories about that particular part of the back
country. Strange glowing lights deep in the woods, large indentations in
the earth that could double as footprints of some monstrosity, and the
occasional disappeared person. But when her job forces a young, tough,
working-class girl to venture alone into those dim woods, what she finds
there is both more terrifying and pleasurable than anyone might have
ever dreamed.

Like some Conradian tale, this erotic novelette follows a river of
green and flowering life into the dark heart of the woods. What dwells
there is powerful, mystical, and terrifying. 

This is no simple story meant just to titillate and while away a few
slow afternoon hours. It is meant to challenge and inspire you. To read
it is to face horror, and perhaps find seduction there. It is not your
cookie-cutter erotica, and it is not for everyone. But if you are a
fearless reader, might be just what you are looking for!

---

"The creature remained entirely motionless for a few moments longer,
apparently completely uncomprehending of her speech. And then, in a big
sweeping move, it folded itself down to kneel on the soft earth. As it
did, it stepped on her dropped machete, bending the blade into a useless
angle under its weight. Its eyes came level with hers, and it leaned its
head forward, examining her closely; close enough that she could feel
and smell its breath, which came slowly, in long resonating breezes. It
was cool and fresh on her face, full of oxygen that made her more alert
and awake."

---

"He passed the blade through the vines, swinging the saw back and forth
with an almost wild abandon. The vines split and part from him, dropping
away into the shadows, like serpents retreating before a primitive fire.
A long, low, thick branch crossed his way, and he plunged the saw into
it. In his haste he reached just a little too far, and he let the saw
get a bit out of his control. The tip of the saw got in too deep and
caught a hard knot in the branch. It whipped the chainsaw upward in a
line that would have split Joshua's skull if the top side of the saw
blade had not lodged in another thick branch above him."

---

"She puts out her hand, and the tips of her fingers touch the cold bark
armor of his thighs. She drags her fingers along, tracing out the paths
and cracks that seem to track and map some forgotten land; perhaps some
hellscape the thing has known and come through in a time before human
memory. Her fingers come to rest gently upon the soft overlaid petals
where its legs come together. Her eyes never leave his as the tips of
her fingers slip under the petals, exploring, unsure what could be
there."







